README.md, before:

# bhr
Browserify hot reload server for single page applications. [Chokidar](https://www.npmjs.com/package/chokidar) watches for filesystem changes but you can hit ENTER to force reload.

## Usage
The third and fourth examples show how to forward requests for certain paths to api servers
```
npm install -g browserify-hot-reload
bhr main.js index.html assets/ -o dist/bundle.js
bhr main.js index.html assets/ -o dist/bundle.js -p 8080
bhr main.js index.html assets/ -o dist/bundle.js -p 8080 --http localhost:8081/api/a --http localhost:8082/api/b
bhr main.js index.html assets/ -o dist/bundle.js -p 8080 --https your.prod.server:443/api
```

## Envify
[Envify](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@browserify/envify) is enabled so you can use `process.env.VAR_NAME` in source but note that destructuring `process.env` does not work

## Lesscss
[Lesscss](https://lesscss.org/) is an easy way to keep css in multiple files and bundle to one
```
/* file: assets/main.less */
@import "home.less";
@import "about.less";
@import "login.less";
/* more css here ... */
/* more css here ... */

bhr main.js index.html assets/ -o dist/bundle.js --less assets/main.less
```

## License
MIT

Commit message:

if about.html exists and user asks for /about serve about.html instead of index.html add option -c 'command to run' which is run whenever watched paths have changes version 1.0.2

README.md, after:

# bhr
Browserify hot reload server for single page applications. [Chokidar](https://www.npmjs.com/package/chokidar) watches for filesystem changes but you can hit ENTER to force reload.

## Usage
The third and fourth examples show how to forward requests for certain paths to api servers
```
npm install -g browserify-hot-reload
bhr main.js index.html assets/ -o dist/bundle.js
bhr main.js index.html assets/ -o dist/bundle.js -p 8080
bhr main.js index.html assets/ -o dist/bundle.js -p 8080 --http localhost:8081/api/a --http localhost:8082/api/b
bhr main.js index.html assets/ -o dist/bundle.js -p 8080 --https your.prod.server:443/api
```

You can also specify a command to run whenever any of the watched paths change
```
bhr main.js index.html assets/ -o dist/bundle.js -c "npm run another-thing"
```

## Envify
[Envify](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@browserify/envify) is enabled so you can use `process.env.VAR_NAME` in source but note that destructuring `process.env` does not work

## Lesscss
[Lesscss](https://lesscss.org/) is an easy way to keep css in multiple files and bundle to one
```
/* file: assets/main.less */
@import "home.less";
@import "about.less";
@import "login.less";
/* more css here ... */
/* more css here ... */

bhr main.js index.html assets/ -o dist/bundle.js --less assets/main.less
```

## License
MIT
